wow I can't believe we're a few steps
away from snowbelle city that's the home
of the final badge that's where things
get serious see we're not playing games
anymore are these twins
no I'm kidding I'm kidding
didn't give me anything Wow lame selfish
I know you have something with you and
then this girl never gives me anything
so that's no surprise right there and
this girl you better give me something
Wow bird might really and you still
haven't evolved it shame what a shame
it's Nobel City holy crab this place
looks amazing look at this snow
everything's covered in snow
everything's just frozen holy crap Wow
in this wow this is amazing
are you kidding me they've never done
anything like that they have a freaking
Abomasnow right outside just chilling in
the city how crazy is that
what
okay yes at EMI tolf the bat I love the
city Wow
bulk up box up the body to raise attacks
that in defense that yes not bad
what no he wasn't
are you okay alright that guy needs to
shut up I don't know who that guy thinks
he is but okay I'm gonna head to the
next house try to forget what that guy
said because that was kind of funny and
weird at the same time I think was more
weird than funny though what actually I
knew that already so I don't know why I
said what all right what's this no way
holy crap a a jubilife city not bad
mm-hmm doo doo doo doo
eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh I don't know
what I'm doing I'm sorry wow that's
actually kind of crazy oh man all right
so who is this guy here
okay wow I can summon Phil here now I
don't think I want to yet maybe in a
little bit though come on there's way
too many people here I'm slipping and
stuff crap oh no really
yeah well I guess so I don't know what
are you Shauna's dad are you Shauna's
dad holy crap that is Shauna's dad he
doesn't look that much older than me
though that's the scary part anyway
whatever whatever see nobody's giving me
anything right now they're just talking
crap I got a TM that's pretty much all I
got though I'm not complaining though
cuz a TM right off the bat I was pretty
cool but I'm expecting a lot more from
this city because the city is too good
it's too good
why does he have to do that why does he
have to do it look at look at that look
at this man
look she's taller than you already in
this match is gonna go down like that
are you kidding me okay all right so
they're not they're just telling me
stuff but they're not giving me anything
see I don't appreciate that I know you
guys have something with you okay why
would you want a Jigglypuff for that BAM
that makes no sense
oh man all right so I guess I guess the
TM is really the best thing we're gonna
get right now why did I get on my
bicycle I don't care it's pretty cool
yes yes bicycle wait what no no why
would I want to switch it up right now
I've been wearing this a whole entire
walkthrough
there would be no point in me switching
it up right now okay oh crap haha I like
ran into that for for no reason I just
like I didn't even need to could've
fallen anyway let's see the winding
woods
oh yeah the gym leaders not here wow
what a shock right wait this is the
winding woods holy crap okay okay so
hold on let me see what the guy says
about the about the gym leader I want to
hear his story
Wow what a shock the final gym leader is
off somewhere else like that hasn't
happened before
great when are we done here what what no
way
ah man all right so I guess snowbelle
city wasn't really as good as I thought
it was but then again it was actually
pretty cool I might even get a lot of
you hmm
see did I really go every I I really did
go everywhere didn't I
hmm all right let me someone feel real
quick I know this guy probably have some
like really cool like shot of the city
so let's see take a photo of course come
on man why do you keep asking me if I
brought you all the way over here it's
obviously for a reason are you kidding
me okay that actually looked really cool
I'm not even gonna lie holy crap all
right that Abomasnow though not bad I'm
saving that picture forever
all right I'm actually gonna head to the
Pokemon Center right now because no wait
oh god I didn't mean to do that
Oh God well I'll give you a thousand
last time so you can't even complain
about anything all right let's see there
has to be something in here someone has
to give me something see I've actually
never oh holy crap
Wow okay anyway I've actually never
talked to the people in the Pokemon
Center I should have but this whole time
I have it this is like the first time I
do it I think
well excluding the first time I went
inside a Pokemon Center obviously
oh crap mister oh is here or mister
bonding or whatever his name is yeah
mister bonding no peepee restoring power
what what is that
oh cool Wow okay I shut up get out of
here I hate you why am i so mean to that
guy I don't know I don't like him I
don't like him sometimes I mean when I
get some pretty cool powers and I guess
it's okay but thank you guys for
watching make sure to click like
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time